Apple2026-01-07 5:36 AM
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 12791372-10d6-4f50-9975-d40dd1dad4c3
Review date: January 06, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0.0


Guideline 2.3.2 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

We noticed that your promotional image to be displayed on the App Store does not sufficiently represent the associated promoted in-app purchase and/or win back offer. Specifically, we found the following issue with your promotional image:

 – Your promotional image is the same as your app’s icon.

 – You submitted duplicate or identical promotional images for different promoted in-app purchase products and/or win back offers. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your promotional image to ensure it is unique and accurately represents the associated promoted in-app purchase and/or win back offer. 

If you have no future plans on promoting this in-app purchase product, you can delete the associated promotional image in App Store Connect. 

Resources

- Learn how to view and edit in-app purchase information in App Store Connect.
- Discover more best practices for promoting your in-app purchases on the App Store.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We have started the review of your app, but we are not able to continue because we cannot locate the in-app purchases, such as Monthly Premium and Yearly Premium, within your app at this time.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of your app, please reply to this message providing the steps for locating the in-app purchases in your app.

Note that in-app purchases are reviewed in an Apple-provided sandbox environment. Make sure they have been appropriately configured for review in the Apple-provided sandbox environment.

If you are restricting access to in-app purchases based on factors such as storefront or device configurations, please include this information in your reply along with steps to enable the in-app purchases for our review. 

Additionally, note that the Account Holder must accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect before paid in-app purchases will function.

Resources

- Learn more about offering in-app purchases. 
- Learn more about testing in sandbox.


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.